Add documentation for Queues (#5983)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/queues/get-started.md

---
pcx_content_type: get-started
title: Get Started
weight: 3
meta:
  title: Cloudflare Queues - Get Started
---

> # Get Started

Author: This page is still work-in-progress.

Cloudflare Queues allows developers to send and receive messages with guaranteed delivery. It integrates with [Cloudflare Workers](/workers) and offers at-least once delivery, message batching, and does not charge for egress bandwidth.

> Use this guide to deploy your first Queue, as well as a producer and consumer Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this guide to create a producer and consumer Worker to deploy your first Queue.
```

## 1. Install wrangler

> First, you will need to install [wrangler](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2), the command-line interface for developers to use Cloudflare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install [Wrangler](https://github.com/cloudflare/wrangler2), the command-line interface for developers to build Cloudflare Workers, by running:
```

{{<Aside type="note">}}

During the private Beta, you will need to use the `queues` release when installing `wrangler`.

{{</Aside>}}

```sh
$ npm install -g wrangler@queues
```

or install with yarn:

```sh
$ yarn add wrangler@queues
```

## 2. Login using wrangler

Next, run the `wrangler login` command, which will open your web browser and complete the login process. If you do not have access to your computer's screen, you can visit the URL printed in your terminal on another computer to log in.

```sh
$ wrangler login
```

> Open the browser, log in to your account, and select **Allow**. This will send an OAuth token to wrangler so it can deploy resources to your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the browser, log in to your account, and select **Allow**. This will send an OAuth token to Wrangler so it can deploy resources to your account.
```

## 3. Create a Queue

Create a Queue by running:

```sh
$ wrangler queues create <queue-name>
```

To check that your Queue was created, run:

```sh
$ wrangler queues list
```

> ## 4. Configure a Producer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4. Configure a producer Worker
```

> You will need to send messages to the Queue. You can do this by defining a "producer" Worker, which will have a binding that can send messages to the Queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A producer Worker is a Worker that can send messages to your Queue. After you create a producer Worker and bind it to your Queue, you can send messages to the Queue.
```

> A producer Worker is a Worker that can send messages to your Queue. After you create a producer Worker and bind it to your Queue, you can send messages to the Queue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A producer Worker is a Worker that can send messages to your Queue. After you create a producer Worker with a binding to your Queue, you can send messages to the Queue.
```

{{<Aside type="note" header="What is a binding?">}}

> A binding is a how a Worker interacts with resources such as a Queue, [R2 bucket](/r2/api), or [KV namespace](/workers/runtime-apis/kv/). Each binding has a name, which is the name a variable in JavaScript, and a resource that it binds to, like the name of a Queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [binding](/workers/platform/bindings/) is a how a Worker interacts with resources such as a Queue, [R2 bucket](/r2/api), or [KV namespace](/workers/runtime-apis/kv/). Each binding has a name, which is the name a variable in JavaScript, and a resource that it binds to, like a Queue.
```

> A [binding](/workers/platform/bindings/) is a how a Worker interacts with resources such as a Queue, [R2 bucket](/r2/api), or [KV namespace](/workers/runtime-apis/kv/). Each binding has a name, which is the name a variable in JavaScript, and a resource that it binds to, like a Queue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A [binding](/workers/platform/bindings/) is a how a Worker interacts with resources such as a Queue, [R2 bucket](/r2/api), or [KV namespace](/workers/runtime-apis/kv/). Each binding has a name, which is the name of the variable that will be created for it in JavaScript, and a resource that it binds to, like a Queue.
```

Or alternatively you could just verbatim copy-and-paste the "What is a binding?" aside from https://queues.cloudflare-docs-7ou.pages.dev/workers/wrangler/workers-kv/#create-a-kv-namespace-with-wrangler

{{</Aside>}}

First, create a Worker using a [template](/workers/get-started/quickstarts/#templates).

```sh

> $ wrangler init <producer-name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ wrangler init <PRODUCER_NAME>
```

```

Next, find your newly generated `wrangler.toml` file in your project's directory and configure your producer.

```toml

> name = "<producer-name>"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name = "<PRODUCER_NAME>"
```

[[queues.producers]]

> queue = "<queue-name>"
> binding = "MY_QUEUE"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  queue = "<QUEUE_NAME>"
binding = "<MY_QUEUE>"
```

> binding = "<MY_QUEUE>"

Reviewer 2: I'd think this line ought to be indented as well?
